This is Newmoon, a very very simple CPS compiler for a language
asymptotically approaching R5RS Scheme. The compiler currently targets
just the one backend: Microsoft's CLR ("dotnet"). Previously an ad-hoc
bytecode machine was targeted; the layering is clean enough that
retargeting ought to be minimally painful.

In order to run this software, you currently require:
 - MzScheme 20x
 - A recent "srfi" (and optionally "schemeunit") collection for MzScheme
 - A .NET platform
	- MS .NET
	- Mono .NET
	- DotGNU Portable .NET
 - Cygwin, if you're running on Windows

If you're not using Mono, set the environment variable CSC to point to
your C# compiler, and CLR to point to your CLR runtime .exe loader. If
you're using Portable.NET, you might get StackOverflowException unless
you set, say, CLR="ilrun -S1024" or greater.

This is all the documentation you will find at the moment. More will
be forthcoming.

This is an extremely alpha piece of software, and it is supplied to
you under the terms of the GNU LGPL, a full copy of which can be found
in the file COPYING in this directory.

The relevant copyright notice for the files in this archive follows:

    Newmoon - a simple .NET Scheme compiler
    Copyright (C) 1999-2003 Tony Garnock-Jones <tonyg@kcbbs.gen.nz>
    Copyright (C) 2003 LShift Ltd. <query@lshift.net>
    Copyright (C) 2003 Tom Berger <t.berger@ucl.ac.uk>

    This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
    modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public
    License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
    version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

    This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
    Lesser General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
    License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software
    Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
